---
categories:
  - community
  - news
title: (Virtual) AOSCC 2020 This Weekend!
date: '2020-09-24'
important: false
---

*Summer's ending, and we thought a year wouldn't be complete without an AOSCC,
so here goes!*

COVID-19 and AOSCC 2020
-----------------------

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this year's AOSCC will be held online.

Apart from the switch to online attendance, we have also decided to shorten
and simplify this year's agenda. In particular, Day 1 (September 26th) agenda
starts at 10:00 (UTC +8) and will end in the evening; Day 2 (September 27th)
agenda starts at 10:00 and will end at 18:00 (UTC +8). All agenda will be held
consequtively at our Discord #general [voice channel](https://discord.gg/VYPHgt9).

What to Expect at AOSCC
-----------------------

As we have shortened our agenda, there will be a decline in this year's content
diversity.

We will cut to the chase on Day 1 with three community (project) reports by our
community contributors (with a 2-hour Q&A/Lunch break interval between the
second and third agenda). Following the reports, AOSC OS maintainers will hold
an open meeting to discuss this year's switch to a topic-based maintenance
routine, deprecating our current system of seasonal iteration cycles.

On Day 2, we will hold a workshop, we welcome all community members to join in
and learn packaging for AOSC OS. This will be a great opportunity to become
one of our (now over 50) contributors.

Language Usage at AOSCC
-----------------------

AOSCC 2020, its lectures, discussions, and workshop activities will be
delivered/held in Mandarin Chinese. If you do not speak this language, please
note at time of each activity and we will try our best to accomodate (most
likely in English).

Detailed Agenda
---------------

For AOSCC 2020's detailed schedule, please refer to our [community wiki](https://wiki-aosc.netlify.app/community/aoscc/2020/).

----

— Mingcong Bai
