---
categories:
  - news
title: 'Decennial Thesis: Prologue'
date: '2021-12-01'
important: false
---

Ten years has thus passed since we named our collective “Anthon,” a
transliteration of 安同, in a hope to find our place in collaboration as
classmates. Since then, many of the founding members, once middle and high
school students, have embarked on their quest for professional careers.
However, we have not yet parted ways, and “classmate” has taken on broader
meanings. Today, we continue to learn what a community means, how to find our
place in a community, and where we situate ourselves on the broader FOSS
ecosystem.

Here, we propose a thesis based on what we have learned so far as a community.
We have certainly made our share of mistakes, but not without a treasure of
prideful moments. In this thesis, we present our shared history and
understandings, as well as what made our community one of a kind. With this
thesis, we do not intend to boast our achievements or to lay blame - we leave
the judgments up to you.

This Decennial Thesis, drafted by our community’s contributors, is dedicated
first and foremost to all of us who devoted our own time and passion for none
other than a belief in our community’s capacity to serve the open-source
ecosystem. We also dedicate this thesis to all our friends who supported us
on this decade-long journey – AOSC will never become what it is today without
your kind words, thoughtful critiques, and contribution. Building software for
the masses entails tremendous mental and financial resources. For this reason,
we are also deeply indebted to our numerous individual, corporate, and
institutional sponsors that provided monetary, hardware, and professional
training for our community projects.

----

— AOSC Contributors
