---
layout: post
title: 'Core 4.2.2: Fin.'
type: news
important: false
---

With the release of Core 4.2.2, we have reached the end of the "Series 4" of AOSC OS Core.

This point release updated Linux API Headers to version 4.11.3 in order to retain compatibility of the new Chromium/Google Chrome 59 browser - which contains a great deal of security updates/fixes. With July closing in, we are getting ready to unveil the collection of features and updates coming in Core "E" - our fifth Core release series - coming this summer.

With the hint "E" - yes, we are about to start a call-for-codename for this new series of AOSC OS Core releases, we will vote for the next codename on the first day of AOSCC 2017 - details coming in the following week or so.

Just a short announcement to tell you what's up with the new version - and moreover, to thank you for using AOSC OS and staying supportive of our development effort.

--------

Core 4.2.2 is now available for `amd64` users, this update will come for `armel` (ARMv7) and `arm64` (ARMv8, AArch64) users in the coming week.

For `mipsel` (MIPS-II), `mips64el` (MIPS64r2), `powerpc` (PowerPC 32-bit), `ppc64` (PowerPC 64-bit, big endian) users however... Please don't wait around, as none of these architectures will support the Chromium browser family, we have elected to skip this release. Core "E" will come in time, however, so look out for that!

--------

Lastly, as we have no PowerPC device available for development at the moment, we have decided to suspend **all** updates - and that includes security updates - for both PowerPC architectures.

We do apologise for the inconvenience and we would further recommend that you move away from AOSC OS for this summer, in our hope to keep you safe from cyberattacks and existing bugs.

--------

— Mingcong Bai